#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.txt
#
arrow==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2-time
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   binaryornot
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
checksumdir==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
click==8.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
cookiecutter==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
croniter==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.5.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   retry
deprecated==1.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
diskcache==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
docker-image-py==0.1.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
docstring-parser==0.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
flyteidl==0.24.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
flytekit==0.32.6
    # via -r requirements.txt
fonttools==4.33.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==4.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   keyring
jinja2==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   jinja2-time
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
keyring==23.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
    #   marshmallow-enum
    #   marshmallow-jsonschema
marshmallow-enum==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
marshmallow-jsonschema==0.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typing-inspect
natsort==8.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
pandas==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pillow==9.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
poyo==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
protobuf==3.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
    #   flytekit
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   protoc-gen-swagger
protoc-gen-swagger==0.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flyteidl
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   retry
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pyparsing==3.0.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   croniter
    #   flytekit
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
pytimeparse==1.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
regex==2022.3.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   docker-image-py
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flytekit
    #   responses
responses==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
retry==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cookiecutter
    #   grpcio
    #   python-dateutil
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
statsd==3.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
urllib3==1.26.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
    #   requests
    #   responses
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   flytekit
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deprecated
    #   flytekit
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
